hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
with another video and today I'm going
to show you guys my Cambridge College
which is st. John's College the red
building over here is the old Divinity
School which is part of st. John's
College and opposite the old civility
school is the main entrance off to
college and for this entrance you will
usually go if you're a tourist or you
know if you live nearby but there are a
few other entrances in case you live at
the other end of college so you don't
always have to go for the entire college
and now we're walking into Prescott and
right past the porters Lodge so the
porters are people in college where you
can ask any questions if you ever have
anything or if you have any directions
stay with something you'll be able to
help you and here in first quarter is
actually some student accommodation so
it's pretty cool if you can live here
and look at the chapel and now I'm
walking towards our pigeonholes
so this is where we get any physical
mail that isn't too big so that you can
just come and collect it anytime you
want if you get any bigger parcels you
can of course receive them in college
but then you'll get an email and you
have to go and pick them up and on our
way to 2nd chord we actually past the
hall and this is our formal hall where
we go and we have our formal dinners so
you can sign up for these during the
term and this is what it looks like when
everybody they're wearing their gowns it
really has some Harry Potter vibes and I
absolutely love going there with my
friends so you can just sign up for it
and it's almost any day in a week and
it's usually a free course meal and it's
pretty cheap for college members so it's
a really really cool thing to do with
your friends
and now we're in second chord there is a
lot of offices here so you may have to
meet some of your teachers here for
supervision or maybe also your teachers
who would take care of you during the
term and then for a second course you
can actually get to Chapel court so in
Chapel chord you have our library and
this is the modern part of the library
so just ask where we actually study but
there's also an old library into college
so this is the library which we don't
really have open for studying but you
can go where to take a look at really
old books and of course you have a
really good view of the chapel
[Music]
right for the entrance of our library is
the IT Help Desk and they are super
super helpful so if you ever have any IT
issue you can go where
[Music]
and now we're in the old library so the
old library is where the college stores
and you really really old books and also
some study notes from former students
and you can go over and take a look at
anything it's pretty cool they are open
every day during the staffed hours of
the library and as a college member you
have free access but the coolest thing
about the old library is the upper part
in my opinion because it looks really
really gorgeous and it really gives you
these really cool cambridge vibes
because everything in there is really
really old and just walking around it
makes you really appreciate the long
history of the college
[Music]
now obviously we don't study in the old
library so we also have a lot of study
spaces in the modern part of the library
as you can see here and the library has
five floors so you have a lot of study
space to choose from and personally I
love going to the silent room because
I'm somebody who studies best winters
and the noise around but I still like
having people around to just you know
motivate myself so to silent study room
is my favorite place to go in this
library
[Music]
and this is what a sound study room
looks like and they have this really
really gorgeous place there which is my
absolute favorite study spot because you
can go over and just study looking at
the lawn and the house of the Masters
Lodge so it's a really great place to go
and from chapel cords you can also get
to north chord nut court is a court
where you might live as a first-year
undergraduate students but remember to
all the rooms in north court are sets so
you will definitely have somebody to
share your kitchen and bathroom with and
then we're back in second chord and from
there we can get to a junior combination
room which is a student union after
college and they have a room where they
have a table tennis players and a few
other things where we can just go all
the time if we want to hang out and then
there's also the college bar and the
battery so the battery is where you can
go anytime for lunch dinner or breakfast
except for some days where they don't
serve breakfast but if food is really
pretty good I really like it and it's
quite affordable so it's a great place
to go if you're somebody who can't cook
like me and then further back you can
get to the Bridge of Sighs which is
probably the main attraction of our
college a lot of tourists come here to
take pictures but you also have a really
great view here of the river cam you can
often see people punting and it's just a
really really nice place to go because
it is really really beautiful and I
think there's also the most beautiful
side of the college because new court
looks really amazing so right here you
can see you court and I think it really
looks like a postcard that you could
send from Cambridge so that's why I
absolutely love new chord and then
rightfully new chord and there's
actually some student accommodation here
so you might live here in your second or
third year if you come to Jones and
there's also some offices here too you
may supervisions or tutorial times here
and then right through it
there is Crips which is where most
first-year undergraduate students live
and if you get really really lucky you
get one of the penthouses on top which
are pretty cool because they actually
has two floors so yeah you might get
really really lucky one of the great
things about crypts accommodation is
that the laundry room is encrypts so
it's really convenient because you don't
have to walk for a bar also by the way
guys doing laundry is free in college so
you don't have to pay for anything which
is really really great and then right
here is one of the oldest buildings
after college routes to school of
Pythagoras and then right through it a
little bit hidden is the arc room and
there's actually a college Club for
doing art so if you want to go there to
paint you can just sign up for it and
they meet every once in awhile and then
you're back in your court service what
new court looks like from the other side
and I think it's a really really
beautiful part of the college which
really has these like old Cambridge
vibes in a way and also a new court
there is a little mailbox in case you
want to mail any of your essays to your
fellows and this is what the Bridge of
Sighs looks like when you're on it as a
tourist you're normally not allowed to
be on the bridge but if you're a student
you can come here any time also fun fact
there were two student pranks where they
let a car hang from the Bridge of Sighs
if you want to know more about that I'm
gonna link it in the info box below I
think it's pretty cool that students at
John's did that twice and they still
don't know who did it
and I waited for a cord where there's a
lot of officers of teachers and from
first course you can easily get back to
first chord where there's the chapel
which is the last thing that I want to
show you guys so the chapel is open to
people of any face which is something I
really want to stress because you don't
have to be a Christian to go and talk to
the chaplain if you want any advice
which is something that's really
important for the college because
obviously we want to be open for
everybody
fun fact if you are Joan Ian's you are
actually allowed to get married here
which is pretty cool because the chapel
is absolutely gorgeous and yeah that was
meant we were st. John's College I
really hope you guys enjoyed this little
tour thank you guys so much for watching
have a nice day bye